Revamp Custom Local Authenticator Documentation (#3095)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/fragments/contributing-connectors.md

> You are more than welcome to share your connectors to host it in our [connector store](https://store.wso2.com/store/assets/isconnector/list). As an organization that believes in the open source paradigm, we always encourage our community to make contributions so that our community around WSO2 Identity server can get the full benefit of using an open source product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are welcome to share and host your connectors in our [connector store](https://store.wso2.com/store/assets/isconnector/list). As an organization that believes in the open source paradigm, we always encourage our community to make contributions so that our community around WSO2 Identity server can benefit from using an open source product.
```

Contributions can be made by following the procedure below.

1. Create an issue in the [product-is git repository](https://github.com/wso2/product-is/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feature&template=feature_request.md&title=).
2. Provide a basic description of the purpose and functionality of your connector. Include the following information in the git issue.
   - Downloadable connector artifact (ex: JAR files).
   - Documentation on setup and testing instructions for the connector.
   - Source code repository of the connector.
3. Make sure your source code follows WSO2 coding standards and [secure development guidelines](https://wso2.com/technical-reports/wso2-secure-engineering-guidelines/).

> 4. Our team will perform necessary functionality, security and usability testing on the connector and provide suggestions for improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Our team will perform necessary functionality, security, and usability testing on the connector and provide suggestions for improvements.
```

> 5. If your code and the functionality is deemed to comply with the standards of WSO2, you will be able to get the connector hosted on our connector store and contribute the source code to WSO2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If your code and the functionality are deemed to comply with the standards of WSO2, you will be able to get the connector hosted on our connector store and contribute the source code to WSO2.
```
